Because I like that feeling at night when I listen to music,
I'm a big music,
like I was not,
I called you like it was like October 3rd and I was in the call you to tell you
that I love to participate in sober October,
but because of my love for music,
it's not going to happen because my thing is to go home at night or sometimes I
go to the office.
Like I told you my house is dead at 20 to nine the kid goes to bed at fucking
eight dirty and my wife's in bed 10 minutes later.
So some nights I don't have a spot on a podcast.
I just go to my office,
I bring a notebook on an Ipad,
get stoned and I put it in the whole of the album.
My and I go down the album road and I just get fucked up and listen to that
music.
I love the chat row.
That's my mommy.
And once a week I go to the album store and I buy in a while.
I'm a new vinyl album.
Lately,
I would not let a led Zeppelin and two road,
that's one of the greatest,
dirtiest still CSR and it opens up with a whole lot of love.
It's just dirty.
And then with weapons song and then the heartbreak,
it's just dirty.
And then I've been listening to fucking physical graffiti.
I loved going into those foxholes way that night.
Stone.
Yeah,
there's something about that music.
They,
they were the first drug culture music in America,
right?
If you think about it,
like Zeppelin and pink Floyd showed up and they went to India,
they grew long hair and they came back with those four outcomes.
Then there was rumors of acid.
If you listen to the,
you know,
one revolve.
I think it's evolved.
One of those John Lennon spreads,
acid bond.
That was it.
I mean there's a,
there's a lot of musicians from that era that are great that aren't associated
with drugs.
But if you think of Hendrix,
if you think of,
I mean Hendricks was always associated with drugs.
Janis Joplin always associated with trucks.
Okay.
You know,
good or bad.
It's,
it's very interesting.
It's very interesting.
The sound is so it lasts like it's so relevant.
If you listen to some Zeplin today,
it's still so God damn good.
They were so good.
Zeplin too called bring it on home at the end he comes out like with a harmonica
slow.
Then Jimmy page kicks him with the guitar.
Y'All got to stop.
Yeah,
like now it's like you're like,
I should do,
I jump out a window like legs up when the two,
there's a couple of albums.
I got metal office that I put on such a part of my childhood.
I think about my mom coming into the room saying yelling lower that fucking
devil music.
You know what I'm saying?
Weight bias.
I moved,
she got up on it and I would blast it at fucking six in the morning.
Oh,
the neighbors next door with Jehovah witnesses and he would knock on my door.
You have to please lower your immune music.
I would never load it.
Lowered it.
At that age I had a fissure stereo.
Okay.
And I already knew not to get components like I was already hit.
Like,
I never bought the album with the eight track and the cassette.
Fuck you.
I bought an amp and I bought on a cassette deck and I had a turntable and I
would fucking blasted.
I Dunno where I got the speakers from my bottom.
They fell off a truck.
I love music.
Loud.
My,
my eye storm every time till this day,
every time led Zepplin final album comes out.
Um,
you know,
into the outdoor comes on the radio or something.
I think of my mother banging on the door freshman year ago and if I got a knock
on this door one more time,
I'm throwing that scenario out the window like seven in the morning.
How does that full fucking speed.
Rolling joy,
getting ready to walk up the hill,
smoking a joint.
I wouldn't smoke at the house.
Nothing like that.
She had no idea.
You playing the album albums with a record player.
Fuck.
And I still get what you don't do.
You have a good needle.
Remember you'd go over due to houses.
They had a special needle.
I let you go to NATO.
I just went and got new needles.
I haven't had an order of my mind.
Fucking impressive a guy.
And I'm like,
I'm fucking cool looking needle.
I still had,
I had a friend that had a reel to reel Jimmy.
I had a record player at my house for sure.
Wow.
You gotta reel to reel.
I friend of mine had a real,
a real high school.
Oh my God.
And the sound,
he bought the speakers and everything.
He's a sound.
You could hear like the musician pulling away from the microphone like Sam was
that good.
So when he's playing this reel,
the reel,
it's got like a,
like a projector screen type deal.
No,
he was,
he had a room like this and uh,
he had a shelf and on the shelf he had speakers and he had a reel to reel.
I think I've,
he was connected and it would have two or three hours of music on it.
So whenever he would have a party,
he would just put on the reel to reel.
At that time,
that was the threat that it's going to reel the reel.
That's another thing I projected.
Right.
It's going to reel the reel.
That's the new threat that never made it.
It then went from,
it went from albums to cassettes to fucking cds.
So if you put something through that,
you would have to kind of like do it like you were working in the projection
room.
You take the from one of them and it works on,
my sense is just really large cassette tape player.
I just forget how he put the music on there.
I forget how he put the music on that.
Could you buy me?
He's a god,
I think so.
It,
that's the record button on this too.
It looks like.
So you could have recorded something on there if you had a cable to plug it in.